Add section about using InfrastructureResolver classes to the Customize Azure resources article (#4229)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/azure/customize-azure-resources.md

The Bicep file reflects the desired configuration of the Azure Container Registry, as defined by the `AddAzureInfrastructure` API.

### Use an infrastructure resolver to customize Azure provisioning options

Another method you can use to customize Azure provisioning is to create an <xref:Azure.Provisioning.Primitives.InfrastructureResolver> and write code in it to implement your requirements. Then add that class to the configuration options for your AppHost.

> The custom infrastructure resolver is a class that inherits from `InfrastructureResolver` and overrides the `ResolveProperties` method to make the customizations you need. In this example, the name of a Cosmos DB resource is set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom infrastructure resolver is a class that inherits from `InfrastructureResolver` and can override one or more of its virtual members to apply the desired customizations. In this example, the `ResolveProperties` method is overridden to set the name of a Cosmos DB resource, but other members can also be overridden depending on your needs.
```
